# CheerMeUp Discord Bot

## Overview

CheerMeUp is a Discord bot designed to bring some cheer into your day! This bot interacts with users every 2 hours, asking for their current mood and providing motivation based on their response. The interval can be customized to fit your needs.

## Features

Mood Selection: The bot presents users with five mood options to choose from: Happy, Sad, Excited, Bored, and Tired. Users can easily select their current mood by clicking on the corresponding button.

Motivational Text: After the user selects their mood, CheerMeUp generates a personalized motivational message to uplift their spirits. This text is generated using the powerful OpenAI GPT-3.5 Turbo API, ensuring engaging and contextually relevant content.

AI-generated Images: In addition to the motivational text, CheerMeUp also provides an AI-generated image to accompany the message. The images are generated using the DALL-E API, which produces unique and creative visuals based on the prompt provided.

Intelligent Prompt Generation: The prompt for the DALL-E API is also generated by the GPT-3.5 Turbo API, ensuring a cohesive and coherent interaction between the text and the image. This intelligent prompt generation enhances the overall user experience.

## Getting Started

### Installation

Clone or download the repository to your local machine.

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/kishan12345/discord-bot.git
```

Install discord.js and openai by running following commands in your terminal:

```bash
  npm install discord.js
  npm install openai
```

### Setting up keys/tokens

Open .env file and setup your OpenAI API Key and organization ID, Bot Token from discord, and Channel id of the channel to which the program should send buttons, text, and AI generated images.

### Running the Discord Bot

```bash
  node index
```

### What to expect after running?

Once the program is running, it will send 5 mood options to the discord channel. Upon selecting a mood, using OpenAI APIs, system will generate a motivational text and a relevant image to #Cheer you up!!

## Sample Outputs

